This is without compensation.
It seems your ideological awareness is still a bit low.
What should a good person learn to contribute?
Now giving you this opportunity is your luck.
You must know how to appreciate
If not paid
Do not work for the devil.
I have never seen the reward of the Demon Sect.
As long as I can work here.
I feel very happy.
And young people like you, don't always think about salary.
If you think about what you can bring to the Demonic Cult.
What can you learn from the Devil's Cult?
Know how to give
Dedication
You here is a strong argument.
I know people are doubting me.
I understand you too, but you will understand me later.
Jealous of me, even want to surpass me.
Okay, here's our enlightenment machine.
We still have to learn from you.
Study, study a lot.
Learn to live with your hands.
Not a moment too soon.
So let's sell wheelchairs first.
Try your best
Come on.